Note about new css features (#31113)
TheOdinProject/curriculum: intermediate_html_css/forms/form_basics.md

#### Styling forms

 1. Read and follow along with [MDN's Form Styling Tutorials](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Learn/Forms#form_styling_tutorials). You can skip the "Customizable select elements" and "Customizable select listbox" tutorials, as they rely on very new CSS features that are not yet supported across many browsers.

>  1. Read and follow along with [the internetingishard guide to forms](https://internetingishard.netlify.app/html-and-css/forms/index.html).

Reviewer: I'm not sure how my previous comment managed to include a single space indent but let's remove it (oops!), then can merge afterwards
```suggestion
1. Read and follow along with [MDN's Form Styling Tutorials](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Learn/Forms#form_styling_tutorials). You can skip the "Customizable select elements" and "Customizable select listbox" tutorials, as they rely on very new CSS features that are not yet supported across many browsers.
1. Read and follow along with [the internetingishard guide to forms](https://internetingishard.netlify.app/html-and-css/forms/index.html).
```

1. Read and follow along with [MDN's Form Styling Tutorials](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Learn/Forms#form_styling_tutorials)
1. Read and follow along with [the internetingishard guide to forms](https://internetingishard.netlify.app/html-and-css/forms/index.html)

> In these tutorials please skip the "Customizable select elements" and "Customizable select listbox" tutorials for now, as they rely on very new CSS features that are not yet widely supported across many browsers.

Reviewer: We don't want it as a separate paragraph since it only applies to one step in particular, so we should make it part of that step only.
```suggestion
 1. Read and follow along with [MDN's Form Styling Tutorials](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Learn/Forms#form_styling_tutorials). You can skip the "Customizable select elements" and "Customizable select listbox" tutorials, as they rely on very new CSS features that are not yet supported across many browsers.
 1. Read and follow along with [the internetingishard guide to forms](https://internetingishard.netlify.app/html-and-css/forms/index.html).
```

Reviewer: @valemm13 just checking in if you've seen this?
